nothing can stop
because his second repetition
because the osasuna sufficient intelligence
because your criticism you get nothing
because to be visible
because everything goes around the world
because the truth is that everything is done
they are called discipline
and passion
in March
crescenti
because despite being happy
because the reality does not increase
what I want is for it to be
because malnutrition rates to action
because you are stronger than your legs
because it was time to act
because this is the best time for the company
because he is a daring
because the great presentation said
the complex because it aims to simplify or princesses
because this team
the brightness of your eyes also stand out
because your hands sources
because if every sector with their lives
because the impossible does not exist only cost
our work
because to your preferences
because mission is to change things
because every day you build your own story
because you do not deserve less
because your will power is extraordinarily
because you really want
because it can be the organizer
because you are free
that you do not allow yourself to let your guard down
because it is your responsibility
because while the strong wind
you keep creating
protests inspired
because your health is the names
the cgt the network
Charles